this video is brought to you by Levrone
a formula the cleanest and most powerful
pre workout mix available today get it
now atla brownie formula.com okay so I
got a message on YouTube one of our
members this guy goes by the name of six
gifts 55 he took the time to make a
video and uploaded it to youtube so I'm
gonna answer some of those questions so
check it out hey Kevin what's up man I
got two questions for you and I'm not
gonna take too much your time and I
appreciate you and helping me out as it
is but my first question is about
triceps and I know there's three heads
on your tricep right and Mike my
question is I've always been confused as
to which exercise its which part of the
tricep which head and i'm pretty sure
that it depends on which angle you're
doing the exercise it and also what you
know when grip is like I'm sure that
determines that but I was going to see
if you can you can clear it up for me as
to which exercise is going to eat part
of my tricep you see like right there on
the side that I'm touching that's uh
that mean that's always been a problem
wondering the part that makes a
horseshoe in the back that almost is a
back part the back head which everyone
that is I'm wondering which like what
exercises do I need to do to bring that
up to make the you know the complete
horseshoe look on my tricep all right
man check it out you look at the
beefed-up bring out the long head of the
tricep your fat content is low you
really should not have a problem doing
that ok key exercises with that skull
crushers reverse grip tricep extensions
okay then also you can do overhead
extensions with the Dumbo now the
overhead extension whether it's done
with the dumbbell or cable that's good
because it forces the long head of the
muscle to take most of it alone keep
your elbows close to your head like this
okay and use
amount of weight use the amount of
weight where you're not going to you
know loose form doing this exercise
which is very important to have proper
form and technique so don't go with
crazy heavyweight doing this and focus
on form a proper way and you will get
that horseshoe look coming in in no time
at all what do you think would be the
best best way to start the morning off
would it be you know with just just
straight protein whey protein in the
morning or whey protein in like a bull
oats or some kind of carbs with it or
would you recommend something like you
know like a like a whole meal like
chicken breast and and I oats or
cigarettes and brown rice also this this
is kind of added in thing what kind of
car do you think are best in the morning
you know I know your body's big
catabolic probably overnights in the car
to eat or probably utilize more and they
would later on in the day so would you
recommend so eating something like
complex that goes well this of course
depends when he goes what I normally do
is wake up train cardio for about 45
minutes on an empty stomach and then
have breakfast usually it's a high
protein egg whites some salmon maybe a
little bit of oatmeal throwing some
fruit but that's about it that works for
me what I want to get lean and still
hold on to that muscle now if mass is
your first priority wake up drink a
protein shake protein will stop
metabolism so keep it low car you can
still do your cardio in the morning and
burn fat and take in your carbs
afterwards take your case seen at night
pounding the protein early and you
should be just fine and as always the
Liberty formula is going to get that
blood that you need to your muscles
going to give you the focus and
intensity that you need to train like a
champion so make sure you add that at
one level scoop alright and you should
be well on your way to achieve in those
horseshoes that you want
so that's what's on it now remember
lavro d formerly you could take it for
cutting or bulking because it does not
have any extra carbs in it and it's
really going to bring that blood to the
muscle to help you get the most out of
your workout whether you're going for
the horseshoe look cutting a Balkan just
make sure that livonia phone was locked
and loaded baby and that's what's up
kevin levrone e good luck